feat(docs): added wing by example (#986)
winglang/docsite: example_versioned_docs/version-latest/31-directories.md

---
title: Directories
id: directories
slug: /directories
sidebar_label: 31. Directories
description: Directories
keywords: [Wing language, Directories]
---

> Use the fs module to make, read, check, remove directories with Wing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `fs` ("filesystem") module to make, read, check, remove directories.
```
